README.md, before:

# denops-obsidian.vim

obsidian handler powerd by denops.vim

## Required

### denops.vim

https://github.com/vim-denops/denops.vim

### obsidian

https://obsidian.md/

## Optional

### Obsidian Advanced URI (obsidian community plugin)

https://vinzent03.github.io/obsidian-advanced-uri/

## Configuration

```vim
" Set your vault path. Default: expand('~/obsidian')
let g:denops_obsidian_vault = expand('~/zettelkasten')

" Set the name of your obsidian command
let g:denops_obsidian_cmd = 'obsidian'
```

## Commands

### OpenObsidian

Open the current buffer in obsidian.
Executes only when opening a file in the vault.

### SyncObsidian (powerd by Obsidian Advanced URI)

Synchronizes the line number of the currently open buffer and the obsidan line number.
If you want to use this feature, please install `Obsidian Advanced URI` in your vault.

## Similar plugins

### ddu-source-obsidian

[shutils/ddu-source-obsidian](https://github.com/shutils/ddu-source-obsidian)

Powerd by `Shougo/ddu.vim`  
Provides tags and links in the vault to ddu.vim.

### ddc-source-obsidian

[shutils/ddc-source-obsidian](https://github.com/shutils/ddc-source-obsidian)

Powerd by `Shougo/ddc.vim`  
Provide tags and links in the vault to ddc.vim.

Commit message:

feat: Add auto vault path resolution

README.md, after:

# denops-obsidian.vim

obsidian handler powerd by denops.vim

## Required

### denops.vim

https://github.com/vim-denops/denops.vim

### obsidian

https://obsidian.md/

## Optional

### Obsidian Advanced URI (obsidian community plugin)

https://vinzent03.github.io/obsidian-advanced-uri/

## Configuration

```vim
" Set the name of your obsidian command
let g:denops_obsidian_cmd = 'obsidian'
```

## Vault path resolution

The plugin looks up the path of the open file and looks for the `.obsidian` directory.
Use the directory where the `.obsidian` directory exists as the vault path.

## Commands

### OpenObsidian

Open the current buffer in obsidian.
Executes only when opening a file in the vault.

### SyncObsidian (powerd by Obsidian Advanced URI)

Synchronizes the line number of the currently open buffer and the obsidan line number.
If you want to use this feature, please install `Obsidian Advanced URI` in your vault.

## Similar plugins

### ddu-source-obsidian

[shutils/ddu-source-obsidian](https://github.com/shutils/ddu-source-obsidian)

Powerd by `Shougo/ddu.vim`  
Provides tags and links in the vault to ddu.vim.

### ddc-source-obsidian

[shutils/ddc-source-obsidian](https://github.com/shutils/ddc-source-obsidian)

Powerd by `Shougo/ddc.vim`  
Provide tags and links in the vault to ddc.vim.
